1. The template available in the course has a lot of vulnerabilities when used with npm. So I referred to main React Native page and the way a simple react native project is created is by using Expo. First we have to use the command "npx create-expo-app projectName" to create the project. Then by using "npm start" in the project folder everything will be set and the server will go live.
   Starting up simulators is a bit hard. For Android it has a lot of steps and for IOS since I'm currently coding on Windows, XCode is not available. So, my best choice was Expo.
2. Starting Expo was really hard. Since my IPhone does not have WiFi I decided to use LAN via hotspot. The main problem was that Windows Firewall was blocking my connection from my IPhone without notifying me! At first I tried to allow access on port 19000 which is the port for Expo. But that didn't work. Finally, what did work was to allow "Node.js: Server-side JavaScript" to access in Windows Firewall. So, this whole not connecting issue was solved by this simple trick!
3. Instead of "npm start" you can use "npx expo start" but I completely deleted expo-cli in testing different approaches so I didn't use this command. Just saying you can use that command!
4. You can use your WiFi when using LAN. A problem I got when using LAN was that my IPhone didn't have connection to the internet and this caused some errors when starting the server. So what I did was that first I ran the server using my WiFi then stopped the server and connected to LAN then started again. This solves the issue since when there is not any connection to the internet the server will use the cached items. So, another weired workaround! After the server is up and the connection is established just connect to WiFi to have connection to Internet too!
5. Expo Go on Iphone need Internet connection to start so if you have connection but no internet that would be a problem. While using mobile data for hotspot this problem can occur. But, If Expo Go does not have any connection at all everything would be OK. So what I did for solving this issue was to just block mobile data access to Expo Go. I left local network on for Expo Go so that it can connect to the server. For IOS you can find these options in Settings/Expo Go.
6. You must have expo-cli installed globally to start the server!
7. If you want to add a module that is not currently in dependencies of package.json you can use the command "npm install moduleName --save"
8. If your WiFi does not connect to the Internet then you have to give higher priority to WiFi than LAN. This can be done by going to "change adapter setting" and in IPv4 in advanced section and changing the metric to a low number like 1 that has the highest priority.
9. Create-expo-app will create a git repo. So a repo in your general repo won't work. Git considers it as a submodule and so it won't add or track the files for it. You can remove the .git file then add all the files and it'll be OK. Also if it doesn't work running "git rm --cached folderName" can help to remove the cache and not consider the folder a git repo anymore.
10. "npx expo-cli init projectName --npm" --> Main way to create a new native project! This will also not create .git so deleting the .git file is not necessary! Nice!!!
11. Installing a dependency requires the server to be stopped! This is because the app needs to be built again so that the new changes can take place!